Update documentation on WMS GetMap filter (#3474)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: source/docs/user_manual/working_with_ogc/server/services.rst

  http://localhost/qgis_server?
  SERVICE=WMS
  &REQUEST=GetMap
  &LAYERS=mylayer1,mylayer2,mylayer3

>   &FILTER=mylayer1:"OBJECTID" = 3;mylayer2,mylayer3:'text' = 'blabla'

Reviewer: I think it is misleading to use single quotes around `text` here. Here `text` represents a column name, so it should be double-quoted. I'd change the `FILTER` to something like this:

```
&FILTER=layer1:"col1" = 3;layer1,layer2:"col2" = 'blabla"
```

Note that `layer1` has two conditions in the above filter. This is to show that layers can appear multiple times in filters.

>   &FILTER=mylayer1:"OBJECTID" = 3;mylayer2,mylayer3:'text' = 'blabla'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  &FILTER=layer1:"col1" = 3;layer1,mylayer2:"text" = 'blabla'
```

Reviewer: I'd use "col2" rather than "text" for clarity

  &...

> In this example, the same filter (field ``text`` equals to ``blabla`` string) is applied to layer ``mylayer2`` and ``mylayer3``, while the filter on ``OBJECTID`` is only applied to ``mylayer1``.

Reviewer: s/layer/layers

> In this example, the same filter (field ``text`` equals to ``blabla`` string) is applied to layer ``mylayer2`` and ``mylayer3``, while the filter on ``OBJECTID`` is only applied to ``mylayer1``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this example, the same filter (field ``text`` equals the string ``blabla``) is applied to layer ``layer1`` and ``layer2``, while the filter on ``col1`` is only applied to ``layer1``.
```
